Fix multi-user doc typo (#6662)
Minio-io/minio: docs/multi-user/README.md

# Minio Multi-user Quickstart Guide [![Slack](https://slack.minio.io/slack?type=svg)](https://slack.minio.io)

> This document explains how to add, disable users. Multi-user as name implies means Minio supports long term users other than default credentials, each of these users can be configured to deny or allow access to buckets, resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Minio supports multiple long term users in addition to default user created during server startup. New users can be added after server starts up, and server can be configured to deny or allow access to buckets and resources to each of these users. This document explains how to add/remove users and modify their access rights.

```

- Install mc - [Minio Client Quickstart Guide](https://docs.minio.io/docs/minio-client-quickstart-guide.html)
- Install Minio - [Minio Quickstart Guide](https://docs.minio.io/docs/minio-quickstart-guide)

### 2. Create a new user with canned policy

> Use [`mc admin policies`](https://docs.minio.io/docs/minio-admin-complete-guide.html#policies) to create canned policies. This policy enables users to download all objects under `my-bucketname`.

Reviewer 2: > This policy enables users to download all objects under `my-bucketname`.

This line seems out of place here. should follow after ```Create new...```

Author: fixed

mc admin users remove myminio newuser
```

### 5. Change user policy
Change the policy for user `newuser` to `putonly` canned policy.
```

> mc admin user policy myminio newuser putonly

Reviewer 2: user -> users
